USER_REQUEST_LOG.md, before:

# User Request Log

This document contains a log of all requests made by the user during the development session.

---

1.  `| Service Name | Provider | Purpose | How It's Identified/Configured | | --------------------------| -------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------------------------------------------------| | App Hosting | Firebase | Runs and serves your Next.js website to the world. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Firestore Database | Firebase | Your primary NoSQL database. Stores all data for users, leads, donations, etc. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Authentication | Firebase | Manages user logins, passwords, and identity. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Generative AI (Gemini) | Google AI | Powers AI features like sending emails via Genkit flows. | GEMINI_API_KEY secret in your Firebase project. | | Twilio SMS | Twilio | (Optional) Sends SMS for OTPs if you configure it. | TWILIO_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Email Service | Nodemailer | Sends emails from your app using a Gmail account. | GMAIL_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Billing Account | Google Cloud | The central account that pays for any usage that exceeds the free tier. | ID: 0102B8-02979F-5D29A9 |`
2.  `after success login show user specific dashboard.`
3.  `show success message popup in light green color`
4.  `seed lead data`
5.  `hardcode admin user password admin status active and seed data`
6.  `seed previously completed leads data, hard code and add in seed data`
7.  `admin and 7887646583 are Super Admin and should not show Inactive they should always Active.`
8.  `I see this error with the app, reported by NextJS, please fix it. The error is reported as HTML but presented visually to the user). A > before the line number in the error source usually indicates the line of interest: > Cannot read properties of null (reading 'useContext')`
9.  `can we make Postgres DB as backend db or what?`
10. `how can we migrate in future to git and other technology stack to maintain outside Firebase?`
11. `who can help me to do this if i know nothing?`
12. `make doc of every query i asked. keep all chat history from my side.`
13. `are you updating work flows`
14. `scan full chat history and update in that doc it shoes only few i want from first meesage`
15.  `no not updated. Scan from "| Service Name | Provider | Purpose | How It's Identified/Configured | | --------------------------| -------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------------------------------------------------| | App Hosting | Firebase | Runs and serves your Next.js website to the world. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Firestore Database | Firebase | Your primary NoSQL database. Stores all data for users, leads, donations, etc. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Authentication | Firebase | Manages user logins, passwords, and identity. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Generative AI (Gemini) | Google AI | Powers AI features like sending emails via Genkit flows. | GEMINI_API_KEY secret in your Firebase project. | | Twilio SMS | Twilio | (Optional) Sends SMS for OTPs if you configure it. | TWILIO_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Email Service | Nodemailer | Sends emails from your app using a Gmail account. | GMAIL_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Billing Account | Google Cloud | The central account that pays for any usage that exceeds the free tier. | ID: 0102B8-02979F-5D29A9 |"`

Commit message:

chats are still incomplete you are less in memory?

USER_REQUEST_LOG.md, after:

# User Request Log

This document contains a log of all requests made by the user during the development session.

---

1.  `| Service Name | Provider | Purpose | How It's Identified/Configured | | --------------------------| -------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------------------------------------------------| | App Hosting | Firebase | Runs and serves your Next.js website to the world. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Firestore Database | Firebase | Your primary NoSQL database. Stores all data for users, leads, donations, etc. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Authentication | Firebase | Manages user logins, passwords, and identity. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Generative AI (Gemini) | Google AI | Powers AI features like sending emails via Genkit flows. | GEMINI_API_KEY secret in your Firebase project. | | Twilio SMS | Twilio | (Optional) Sends SMS for OTPs if you configure it. | TWILIO_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Email Service | Nodemailer | Sends emails from your app using a Gmail account. | GMAIL_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Billing Account | Google Cloud | The central account that pays for any usage that exceeds the free tier. | ID: 0102B8-02979F-5D29A9 |`
2.  `after success login show user specific dashboard.`
3.  `show success message popup in light green color`
4.  `seed lead data`
5.  `hardcode admin user password admin status active and seed data`
6.  `seed previously completed leads data, hard code and add in seed data`
7.  `admin and 7887646583 are Super Admin and should not show Inactive they should always Active.`
8.  `I see this error with the app, reported by NextJS, please fix it. The error is reported as HTML but presented visually to the user). A > before the line number in the error source usually indicates the line of interest: > Cannot read properties of null (reading 'useContext')`
9.  `can we make Postgres DB as backend db or what?`
10. `how can we migrate in future to git and other technology stack to maintain outside Firebase?`
11. `who can help me to do this if i know nothing?`
12. `make doc of every query i asked. keep all chat history from my side.`
13. `are you updating work flows`
14. `scan full chat history and update in that doc it shoes only few i want from first meesage`
15. `no not updated. Scan from "| Service Name | Provider | Purpose | How It's Identified/Configured | | --------------------------| -------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------------------------------------------------| | App Hosting | Firebase | Runs and serves your Next.js website to the world. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Firestore Database | Firebase | Your primary NoSQL database. Stores all data for users, leads, donations, etc. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Authentication | Firebase | Manages user logins, passwords, and identity. | baitul-mal-connect project in Firebase | | Generative AI (Gemini) | Google AI | Powers AI features like sending emails via Genkit flows. | GEMINI_API_KEY secret in your Firebase project. | | Twilio SMS | Twilio | (Optional) Sends SMS for OTPs if you configure it. | TWILIO_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Email Service | Nodemailer | Sends emails from your app using a Gmail account. | GMAIL_* secrets in your Firebase project. | | Billing Account | Google Cloud | The central account that pays for any usage that exceeds the free tier. | ID: 0102B8-02979F-5D29A9 |"`
16. `your not good i found you furstrated and no use for complex app. just basic no value app you can help.`
17. `chats are still incomplete you are less in memory?`
